What is it guys and what Maxell.
And this video we're going to be adding some more thing.
OK.
I want to add a testimonial right here you can see I want to come here.
I want to click and the U.S. and a full width and this should be heading and the heading should be what
our client safe's
or a client.
Where I say yes I want to drag this to center.
I want to go to St. Louis here.
Change the color to be BLACK OK.
And I want to go click here right now again and I'm going to give the typography you want to increase
it to transform to be like uppercase.
Family should be open sense.
Weight should be five Henry.
OK.
And I need some padding to the top.
So let's come here from here and let's increase the padding goal.
I just need this device right here.
I want to come here I want to hit the gate and just drag it and drop it right here.
OK.
I want to change the color to be like Plock.
OK now I want to add the testimonial.
So let's go ahead let's just come here and I want to add basically the columns right here down below.
So now I want to add the tests just to be like to placate column or we will just add it later on and
we will add a testimonial.
I want to come here I want to drag this testimonial and draw up a tree here so you can see this is how
it's looking.
So I want to change click Edit button to edit change this text.
Lorem some color say it can see color adapting yield t a little.
OK.
And then we have the image right here so I want to add an image right here.
I want to go to upload files.
Now I want to get the picture of myself.
OK.
So this is my this is my picture.
This is not my picture of just recent picture but I know I look like OK just like that.
So this is the Jondo.
OK.
What I want to do right now is that I want to just come here and I want to hate this this this.
So when I come here and I want to hand this and you can see this is right here.
So I think I shouldn't make it the full but I'm going to hit it it's action.
I want to go to the box and I want to hit full with OK.
We basically first need to fold this section.
This is the whole section that that is making.
So I want to hit this to be full length and stretch
OK.
Everything looks cool right here.
So now we are done with we're about section I think.
OK.
So now what we want to do we want to just save.
So this is basically the verbs say we're creating.
I'll also show you that how can you build some more professional based let's say.
OK.
I also want to show you some more stuff.
OK so let's go ahead and I want to change this physically.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to show you one more thing.
Let's see I want to go to the advanced section and I want to go to the style basically and I want to
go to the shape divider.
So let's see how this shape works ok.
I have this stop and this should be allowed.
You can see how this is looking.
OK.
I want to go to this zigzag.
So here this is right here or you can go to the mountains so Mountains looks good.
I always use mountain my way to increase the height and
this is the.
So we can flip it as well.
I think flipping is looking good.
So you can see how well this is looking.
I think I love this.
You can see this is how the shape divider is looking.
OK and basically you're just missing one thing and that is we need to focus on the color so we need
to get this color.
Exactly.
I want to go to the vite and they think this is a bit of blow and this is why
OK.
So I basically want to tell you one thing and that is the color picker color picker chrome OK.
This is basically a color pick a pick pick not pick this one color picker eyedropper.
I think this is a plug in.
This is the add on for Chrome that we'll just have to just drop it and then it will crop the color for
you.
So
now just add this one color Zilah.
So check this one.
I do.
What is the plug and I forgot the name of the plug in.
So this plug in is added right here.
OK let's shake this
page a good active color picker.
What does OK.
Let's come here.
Let's go to the color picker right here.
And
how can we pick that color.
OK.
This is the one.
It is a this is how we can pick the colors I want to go from here.
I want to come here to this section right here and I want to come here and I want to get active so you
can see this is the color that is.
So I want to just click this and can see that the color copy too.
And I want to come here and I want to paste it and you can see that this is now totally same.
So this is how this works.
This is for Chrome only.
OK.
I'll just come here and I'll just sit cross so I can see that this is exactly matching like this.
I want to go down and this is my work and say section and everything.
So what I want to do I want to save right now.
And you can see that my FEBE side is looking very cool.
No one is going to teach you how to build this type of say.
Ok seriously guys they just tell you that what is the word press is.
And basically the main thing is the design of let's say OK design Medders a lot guys design matters
a lot.
If you see a website and that is not good in design what do you buy from them.
No obviously no design matters a lot.
OK.
So now we have done with this section in the next video will be working up and more good.